I wish to acknowledge and thank for their fruitful efforts in organizing and conducting the workshop in the most amicable and extensive manner. The sessions were nice which definitely added to my professional knowledge.	1
The presentation was not nice.	0
The workshop has clear and useful with hands on experience of all careers work and how to go about in each career perfectly!!!	1
The presenter's way of presenting was not nice.	0
The workshop was good as we got so much practical exposure and knowledge about many different types of jobs	1
The session wasn't interactive.	0
Workshop was very nice.Overall it is a great experience, Keep it up!	1
The presenter wasn't interactive.	0
I am glad that I joined this workshop. It was no doubt a very good workshop because which helped in updating my existing knowledge as well as I learned lot. The workshop’s exposure was very helpful. A request, please do inform about more workshops that are to be held in future.	1
The session was too boring.	0
The workshop was very good, informative, giving the practical exposure about various various careers. The faculty were very equipped and has good command and grasp on the course contents.	1
The presenter couln't grab the attention of the audience.	0
An excellent workshop.Such a workshop broadens the knowledge about various careers and gives the motivation to achieve success.	1
The presenter could not keep the audience interested throughout the session.	0
I am repeating this workshop second time because its simply awesome.I now a clearer idea about what to do in future.The workshop has been more planned and organized.	1
The session was not informative.	0
This workshop was an excellent experience for me. The practical sessions were just outstanding. I can not imagine for a better workshop.This workshop gave me a direction to make my future.	1
The session was not interactive.	0
I had amazing experience at this workshop. I got to learn stuff I would not normally be learning in my course.This was first time I got practical exposure.I would love to join this sort of workshop again also recommend others to attend this workshop.	1
The worst presentation ever!	0
This workshop gave me motivation and confident to do better.Now I know where to focus thanks to this workshop.	1
The presentation skills of the presenter are lacking.	0
Attending this workshop was quite enlightening. It was a great experience joining this workshop. I would like to attend such workshop in future.	1
The presentation skills of the presenter are not up to the mark.	0
Very Impressive!.All the sessions were organised in a wonderful way and theoretically in an orderly manner.Everything was explained up to the mark of learner’s expectation.	1
The workshop was very bad.	0
This has been a nice experience.It pulled me into learn more.Overall, workshop gave me lot of information and also upgraded myself.	1
The session was very bad.	0
The workshop was very good and knowledgeable for me.I wish, I will join another upcoming workshop also.	1
The support staff were not welcoming.	0
Congratulations and sincere thanks to organizing team.To be frank, this is one of the rarest workshops. The workshop was very much proper and proper content.	1
The support staff were not friendly.	0
It was an amazing experience. I hope to refer for more people for this programme and will also like to be intimated in future for other workshop like this.	1
The support staff were not approachable.	0
It was a wonderful experience attending this workshop. Trainers were very co-operative and facilitated our learning. I would like to know about other workshop like this in future.	1
The presenter was not patient while interactive with the audience.	0
I have heard about it from word of mouth and social networking about the workshop held in past.These five days, it was great experience, exposure to practical assessment and for me a revision of all the concepts and assessment.	1
The presenter was in hurry to finish the workshop.Therefore the content of the presentation was not clear.	0
It was an interesting, effective and strategic workshop. I have gotten practical exposure as well as theoretically concept.	1
The presentation was awful.	0
This is a real learning. Assessment part for learning disability and intellectual assessment was very helpful. It was very practical based.	1
The session was awful.	0
The workshop was very informative. The topics were all essential for working in any environment. I particularly liked the exposure that we were given.The five days workshop have added a lot of my knowledge and have made me better prepared and equipped to work in future.	1
The presentation was unappealing.	0
It was a very practical and informative workshop with hands on experience in assessment.I found this workshop very useful and applied based.	1
The session was unappealing.	0
It was great learning experience. I am sure this knowledge will surely help me in deciding the right path for my future. I am attending second time this workshop to update the knowledge.	1
The content of the workshop was unappealing.	0
I found the workshop is very effective and as it was informative in nature, helping in bringing the better understanding about many careers work. The programme I found was very satisfactory.	1
The content of the presentation was not insightful.	0
I am a better person after this workshop. This was useful because it helps in understanding the key differences between careers which are generally confused to be the same.	1
The method of presentation was not interesting.	0
Workshop was very nice. It was very clear that a lot of effort has been put into this workshop.	1
The presenter was not interested in presenting.	0
This was a great opportunity for me.This workshop will help me be more professional during work after this workshop. Assessment and Intervention part will help lot of in my future. 	1
The session was not even worth attending.	0
This workshop was a good learning experience that imparted me with the knowledge to decide what I must do in my future. I think this type of training programme is must for every student from 9th standard onwards.	1
The presenter could not satisfactorily clear the doubts.	0
The workshop is very good. It acts like an awareness programme because it provides important details of many careers which is otherwise unknown.Thanks to trainers who inculcate this attitude in me	1
The content was very bad.It was very difficult to understand.	0
This was great opportunity for me.I feel much better and confident about my future now. Thanks.	1
The presenter was talking about many irrevelant stuff.	0
The workshop was a new experience for me. It provided important knowledge, which help me in future. Overall it was a good experience.	1
The time management was very bad.	0
The workshop was an enriching experience for me. Really it was a great experience for me.	1
The overall organisation of the session was worst.	0
The 5 days workshop was of great help. It was just awesome. Overall it was a great experience.	1
The session was not helpful.	0
I gained a lot more knowledge about different careers. It helped me gaining insight into the some of the major careers. Looking forward to more such program and workshop.	1
No important knowledge was obtained from the session.	0
This workshop has enhanced my knowledge. The trainer made sure that all our doubts were cleared and explained everything very clearly.	1
Facilities were very poor.	0
The workshop was very helpful for me and gave me the exposure to many amazing careers.	1
The necessary facilities were not provided.	0
The workshop is good considering me who was confused about what to do in life. I got to learn new things which I did not know.	1
The presenter was not approachable.	0
Course content was very comprehensive and useful. Resource person approached to the subject was very positive towards the mentioned topics.	1
No practical use of the session.	0
It was nice, we are provided with good practical knowledge	1
It was a waste of time.	0
Really a great workshop, Empowered us with great knowledgde about various careers. Fruitful knowledge for our future. Equipped with skills to progress.	1
No learning experience.	0
The workshop enabled me to learn many new careers,Thanks!. 	1
I am more confused about what to do now.	0
The workshop was good. I have gained lot of practical knowledge about various aspects of different careers.	1
The peer support was nil.	0
Fantastic workshop! This is a wonderful strategy that I will use in my practice. Presented in a clear and engaging way with obvious and immediate results. Many thanks!!	1
Nothing was fun about the session.	0
Totally enjoyed and learned a lot in a comfortable environment. The style and the knowledge of the presenter, was totally amazing. I am happy to recommend about the workshop to others. The workshop was an experience in itself. It is easy and enjoyable and deeply powerful. Glad to know this teaching. Thanks a lot!	1
Nnothing was enjoyable about the session.	0
This workshop has been very inspiriting and I’m really feeling delighted to have been able to be a part of this and try to continue with the wave approach with this positive technique. Very interesting content and technique with brilliant results. It’s been interesting, good venue and presented really well. I’m really pleased to have done this course. Thanks to all presenters – you’ve been super!	1
Outdated methods were used to explain. So no one understood anything.	0
I was delighted with presenter's teachings. I have gotten a lot from this at a time of my life I have so many ‘writings on my walls’. Great workshop and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants some clarity about all careers and also about potential careers that may come up in future. Great course content. Very relevant. Professional and safe surroundings and I adored the group size and the energy.	1
The staff were very impatient.	0
A very informative and valuable 2 days. I really enjoyed the small group dynamics – especially as they were all lovely people. The presenter is very passionate and knowledgeable. Just continue this good work!	1
No latest technology was used.	0
Very informative and interactive. Loved how it incorporated all aspects of a brilliant workshop.	1
The method of guidance is very old and boring.	0
The presenter was brilliant and delivered very clearly. Love all the resources and found it easy to follow. Loved it. Look forward to the next one.	1
The presentation was hard to understand.	0
Really enjoyed the day. I’m inspired to share it with my friends and recommend them to attend such wworkshops in future. What a great easy way of presenting. Can already see the benefits that it will create in my life. Thank you.	1
The session was not exciting to attend.	0
All very positive. the presenter was very inspirational and motivational speaker. Thank you for this fantastic workshop. This will definitely benefit everyone.	1
The presenters lacked communication and presentation skills.	0
I love the ease of which I feel in the workshops to be open and to connect with the other participants. I also enjoyed the way the presenter creates and facilitates an amazing workshop with the right steps to get us where we can go away and continue tapping with confidence.	1
No information was given about latest careers.	0
An awesome work. Content was relevant and well presented. Catering was great as usual.	1
No information was given about the potential upcoming careers.	0
Coming into a room with no view, door closed, the workshop made me feel comfortable. I admire your down-to-earth manner, your clear and concise presentation, your warm empathy. Thanks a million.	1
Very less importance was given to significant careers.	0
I have really liked the way this workshop has been conducted over 3 weeks – it has given me a chance to put into practice what I have learnt, then improve on it with extra knowledge from the next workshop.	1
Insignificant workshop.	0
I found the workshop to be very informative. The workshop provided me with specific hands-on skills. The skills will be invaluable in my professional and personal life. The presenter was very knowledgable and provided a pace for questions.	1
No hands on skills was used.Therefore it was difficult to understand.	0
The presenter was excellent. The language is simple and concise and cuts through any extraneous stuff straight to what matters and helps us. Thanks to you I felt comfortable in a “closed’ room.	1
The language used by the presenter was difficult to understand.	0
Another inspiring workshop. Thanks a lot!.	1
The session did not give the right approach to make important decisions.	0
A fantastic follow up on the level 1 knowledge and skill set – a must have workshop. Really enjoyed the sessions in the workshop.	1
There was a lot of misunderstanding between the presenters.	0
The presenter was fantastic and easy to understand and everything was well organised, friendly and safe. Thank you very much.	1
There was lack of coordination between the presenters.	0
Thank you so much for this extremely wonderful workshop from the bottom of my heart. The presenter and the support staff were wondeful.	1
There was lack of coordination between the audience and the support staff.	0
Thanks for this workshop, beautifully presented. Easy & clear to follow, & can see the evidence that it works. This was such a wonderful opportunity for me to attend.	1
The idea of the session was not presented properly.	0
Wow. In one word, FANTASTIC! Thank you so much.	1
The presenters could not give the right path.	0
It was amazing to see such powerful impact that the presenter had on the participants. The course was well paced and resources were clear and concise.	1
The presenters could not provide the right method to go about in choosing the right career.	0
A very powerful workshop. It is my goal to be able to use all the insighful knowledge that I have gained to become successful in future.	1
Lot of improvement is required.	0
I found this day far more useful and relevant to my personal needs. Really enjoyed your interactions and free-spirited humour as well. Your transparency is refreshing!	1
It was a bad experience.	0
Loved the way everything was organised. The support staff were also very approachable.	1
The overall experience was below my expectations.	0
Day 2 was very informative with additional content to consolidate my learning and understanding. I found it very worthwhile and thank you for sharing your skills with us.	1
Hated the workshop.	0
This workshop is really helping everyone to understand all aspects to consider while making a decision regarding career.	1
The counselling was not up to the mark.	0
This workshop has been a wonderful experience. I feel I have gained a skill which I will consistently use throughout my life. The information you have given us has been clear and concise, and you created a safe and effective learning environment.	1
This counselling session is worst of all the sessions I have attended till now.	0
The course was empowering. Now I am confident that I can get through any difficult stage in future.	1
The presenters were not qualified enough to present.	0
Really useful and interesting workshop. I was really surprised about the depth of information provided. Fantastic workshop. I would recommend it to everyone.	1
The presenters were not experienced enough. So there was a lot of problems in understanding.	0
Presenter very accomplished, experienced and genuine – great teaching/sharing style. Delivery: clear, concise, good examples. Content: excellent. Venue: great.	1
The presenter was always in tensed state. He did not explain the content properly.	0
Presenter was relaxed, extremely informative, humorous, patient and considerate. Overall content of both courses were most insightful and helpful. I came out from both workshops with an incredible feeling of peace and relaxation. The visuals were very professional and amusing (as was the presenter). Overall I extremely enjoyed and benefited from both workshops.	1
The resources were not sufficient.	0
Very interactive presenter. I found her encouragement into being vocal and participating very helpful into getting involved. The presentation was really good to follow and I found links to other alternative resources.	1
The resources were irrelevant.	0
I found the workshop very easy to follow. A great workshop with lots of information. I would like to attend many such presentations in the future.	1
The presenters had a rude behaviour.	0
I just wanted to say how wonderful the workshop was, what a wonderful facilitator you are, how very comfortable you made it for all of us and for the whole experience.	1
The audience gained nothing from the session.	0
I honestly think that I can take the ideas from this course out into the world and into my life. I think turning into the area of seeing the humour, something I find hard to do – one of my challenges and I am so going to enjoy it. Thanks.	1
The audience gained nothing from the presentation.	0
Well worth the entire workshop . I enjoyed the simplicity of the workshop and thank you for passing on your knowledge.	1
I could not relate very easily to the presentation.	0
Day One session was like “Wow, this actually connects with me.” How very easy and obtainable this process is. Thank you for this opportunity.	1
I feel like I have wasted my time by attending the presentation.	0
The hands-on/practical side of this workshop was very helpful. The entire presentation made me feel very comfortable. I loved the “humourous” side of things. Thanks.	1
It was a bitter experience at the workshop.	0
Thank you. Enjoyable, relaxing and a release. The presenter was easy to listen to, informative and inspirational with a relaxed and powerful style.	1
The support staff were not helpful.	0
The facilities provided to help the participants was excellent.	1
The session did not improve my understanding in any way.	0
The workshop greatly expanded my understanding of different careers.	1
The workshop was useless.	0
This isn’t “extra”. It is essential to learning & achievement. Highly recommended for all students.	1
I will not attend any further workshops hosted by these presenters.	0
It gives me a framework for what I already do. The resounding message for me is we have this moment, only this moment, to respond or not.	1
The organisation and communication was not good.	0
That this is a manageable program, with clear and progressive steps, that is very doable in a high school classroom!!	1
There were lot of problems due to lack of coordination.	0
Really enjoyed the creative approach of the presentation. The examples of group activities are very different from those in traditional presentation.	1
The applications of all the jobs were never stressed upon.	0
It was very informative and I feel I can use this with my students and staff.	1
I already knew everything about the content of the presentation.	0
Excellent workshop – learned a great deal and inspired to learn more.	1
No guidance was provided about some unpopular careers.	0
This workshop was beautifully executed. Clearly this approach was very impactful.	1
The lack of interest in the presenter was clearly visible.	0
Terrific! One of the very best presenters who taught shared relevant practices I can use!	1
Many equipments failed during the presentation.	0
This is a beautifully crafted curriculum! Thank you!! I look forward to more.	1
The equipments used in the presentation were old and outdated.	0
Please pass on to the session leader that this was brilliant. I learnt a lot ... But it was his energy that was amazing. I feel really empowered and more confident about doing future online presenting.	1
The experience was disappointing.	0
The workshop struck the perfect balance between informative and interactive. All the tips that were given felt directly applicable and often gave me that 'aha' moment where everything finally clicked. The facilitator did a great job to engage everyone - there was a lot to learn from him just by example - while never pressuring us to participate more than we were comfortable. I enjoyed this session very much!	1
The presentation was hopeless.	0
I’ve been drowning in my PhD and this webinar felt like ninety minutes of hope.	1
No one was benefitted by the session.	0
I attended your project management training this week and I just wanted to say thank you. I really enjoyed it and I thought it was absolutely great --- way better than many of the dragged out courses that I've gotten qualifications for. I learned so much so thank you.	1
The content was not presented in the correct order.	0
Thank you so much for coming and delivering such a useful and engaging session. It was certainly in the spirit we intended. The buzz in the room was a great sign - it was just what we wanted to have people talking to one another and getting back to networking again after a long two years of sitting at home! We have had really positive feedback and people mentioned to me how valuable they found your session specifically.	1
The presentation has created a lot of confusion in the audience. So many lost interest in the presentation.	0
I just wanted to say thank you - I attended your 'Creating and presenting effective posters' workshop, created my first poster for a conference and won best poster last week! Everyone commented on how it looked much more enticing than other posters, easy to follow, and I told them all about your workshop	1
A lot of participants left in the middle of the presentation as it was very boring.	0
Thank you so much for the workshop earlier today, so glad I was able to book . I just wanted to let you know this was extremely helpful. A big thank you for making things clearer and for all your wonderful tips! Feels like getting through my course will be a lot calmer now, once I put things into practice.	1
The best and most engaging workshop I’ve ever attended.	1
I just wanted to write and say a huge thank you for the fantastic induction session you ran last week. I was delighted with how the well it went and provided the perfect start to our Programme. The feedback has been incredibly positive with a couple of participants stating that they wished the day had been longer!	1
All sessions have been very productive and I have learned a lot. The presenter was very professional, gives fantastic guidance and constantly encourages me. I wanted to thank you and your team for providing this opportunity.	1
Thanks so much for such a great session! (I don’t normally write follow up emails to webinars!) So much of your presentation was just what I needed to boost my change in mindset and working practices. I just wanted to let you know how much I appreciated your structured approach to such a wide topic with some fantastic take aways which I can put into practice. Thanks again.	1
Thank you for the interview coaching. Many thanks for your insight, input and support. It was really helpful to go through the interview with you and have the questions to work on. I thought I would share the good news ...I had the interview today and found out that I got the role! I am absolutely thrilled.	1
Thank you for the webinar today. It was a pleasure to attend, and you helped me articulate parts of my role well and consider new aspects of leadership. I will be able to carry the lessons learnt there going forward. Thanks again for your knowledge!	1
Your session today was amazing! Thank you! It did make a difference...and made me feel like trying to face this PhD once again, from a different perspective....Keep disseminating your brilliant work.	1
I cannot thank you enough for your time, for the suggested reading and for the very helpful and thought-provoking session. It has been invaluable.	1
Thanks for a great training course. Your enthusiasm and humour were very motivational and you’ve given me a lot to think about.	1
A big Thank You for the fantastic session this afternoon. It was a great pleasure to listen to your talk - highly inspirational and perfectly pitched to the audience, as always.	1
Just to appreciate the course, it has been very useful for me. I would like to highlight the dynamic of the sessions, very active, interesting, and well organized and great to share experiences. Many thanks!	1
I just wanted to thank you for your excellent inputs [on various courses] over the last 9 months, and more recently this morning. Your specific inputs have been insightful and have really helped me focus my approach to research leadership in my University. This has been invaluable to me and I will bring this knowledge with me when meeting with my research team in the future.	1
The webinar was excellent and it really made me stop and think about where I'm going and how I am using my time.	1
Thanks very much for your course yesterday. I’ve attended similar courses before; yours was by far the most useful, memorable, and thought-provoking. I think it also showcased how education via Zoom can (and ought to?) be managed.	1
I found your session very fascinating and insightful and I have definitely received some tools that I will implement both when on the receiving and giving end of feedback.	1
I just wanted to reach out and say a big thank you for your talks at the induction events last week. I found them extremely beneficial and enlightening. I feel that I am in a far better position to tackle my PhD after listening to you what you had to say.	1
The session was simply outstanding, all who attended only had positive comments to make about it and you helped to create a real buzz around the event.	1
Looking at the feedback, all the participants rated the session as "excellent", and some of the words they used to describe it include; thoughtful, inspiring, fun, meaningful and motivating.	1
The presenter was amazing. Excellent presentation, organization, and energy. Bravo!	1
A.M.A.Z.I.N.G ! I was quite impressed about the energy and devotion of the presenter, you could tell that he was truly passionate about what he does and that itself is captivating!!!	1
I am hearing some fantastic feedback about yesterday's workshop.  One student even said that you are the best presenter they have ever heard.	1
One of the best classes I've attended...ever.	1
Thank you so much for the training session...I really enjoyed and learnt lots from it.	1
This is quite refreshing...as we are often 'forced' to undertake statutory training sessions that are completely useless and irrelevant to what we do. This was an optional session, but it was the most useful I've had in the last eight years! So thank you!	1
The most interesting, productive and enjoyable staff development event that I've ever been to. Thank you.	1
Thanks for the inspiring talk and the wonderful workshop. It was given in a very visually appealing form. Who doesn't like to read interesting illustrations? It was very well designed, practical and valuable for anyone who wants to enhance their understanding about writing.	1
Just a few quick lines to thank you for the excellent seminar – Giving Presentations. It was absolutely superb. I’ve been to quite a number of these seminars on doing presentations (in a University as well as a business context) – but yours was the best one so far, by a long margin.	1
This was an extremely informative, enjoyable and above all valuable session and I look forward to putting some of the techniques I've learned today into practice.	1
Many thanks for the seminar today; I found it very interesting and incredibly useful. I’m about to transition from a senior PDRA to a tenure-track fellow so found everything particularly relevant to me. I will definitely put the ideas into practise.	1
Just wanted to say how good your workshop was. In fact, it's the best I’ve ever been to.	1
You could clearly see that the presenter was passionate about the subject and it reflected in the quality of teaching. Faultless.	1
Thank you for sharing an inspiring learning experience.	1
Many thanks for your brilliant session today. It must have been the best training session I've had throughout my study here.	1
Would I recommend this session? Unequivocally,of course - to any academic.	1
This was the most successful training event I have attended; your understanding of the challenges of our particular project and your skill in engaging the participants was outstanding.	1
It don't remember ever going on a course here where I stayed awake and alert and interested all day. I know this seems doesn't seem like much, but this was a great session. Thank you.	1
I just wanted to jot you a note of thanks to say how much I enjoyed your workshop this morning. It was certainly more lively and engaging than I had hoped for - how did you manage to bring such charisma to poster design?!	1
Just wanted to thank you for a great session - it has helped me focus and will be a great asset to me. I very nearly didn't attend because of a looming deadline , but I believe the hours spent will be repaid many times over!	1
Your first opening question changed my perspective on things entirely. Real insight and complete focus. Thank you.	1
Thanks so much for your session. It really motivated me to change my approach. I can honestly say that putting your tips and tools into practice made me feel more confident, helped me to get more feedback on my work from senior people and allowed me to figure out a networking style that I'm finally comfortable with.	1
Thanks again for today's workshop. I have attended several similar sessions in recent years. Yours is by far the best. Your approach has caused me to ask myself how to derive personal lessons from the material, and that has not happened very often before....	1
Thank you so much for the most interesting and inspiring workshop! I didn't only enjoy it but have tried to practise it. I felt lost in the midst of things and not sure what I was after. Now I feel more confident to do something. It's such a great feeling!	1
What struck me most was how aware he seemed to be of everything that was occurring in the room. The real benefit came where he managed to help us open up discussions of what everyone was thinking… but no one was saying.	1
I learned more in one afternoon with you than in the entire “Academic Development” programme that we are forced to do here. You’ve made me question my views on training. Thank you.	1
I found your session on Saturday very useful indeed, to the extent that I haven't stopped thinking and rethinking so much of what you said. I am already working on some short term objectives which I have set myself and have organised another meeting with my supervisor. I feel so much more positive and optimistic now and certainly have managed to get rid of that dreaded feeling of isolation which can really pull me down	1
I wanted to email you to say how interesting and informative I found the Giving Conference Presentations course yesterday. It was supportive, fun, answered all of my queries and provided more information on top. I would recommend this course for any academic	1
Thanks for all that has been organised in this wonderful event.	1
I’m just writing to say that, of all the sessions I’ve ever been to, this was by far the best.	1
Thanks for a really interesting day yesterday. Very interactive and tailored to what individual participants want.	1
The workshop was directed with real efficiency and yet, in the space of that relatively short time, you managed to achieve a warm and genuine relationship with each student, making us feel relaxed about airing problems and helping us arrive at possible solutions.	1
I would like to take the opportunity to thank you for this absolutely awesome session. I found the questions you asked and tasks you gave us very inspiring. I gained so much from it and my first half year of my PhD programme certainly would not have been the same without it! I kept minutes from the workshop which I still use.	1
Thanks for the session especially the part about career options after college. I was having a hard time about what I would do in the future. The ideas, tactics, techniques and support that I got from that afternoon were probably the difference between confused and clear.	1
Everyone here was wonderful, I had a lot of fun learning about myself- thanks! I would definitely come back and do another study in the future!!	1
My experience was great, everything was done in a timely fashion, the staff was courteous and friendly and they provided and cared for our needs.	1
Thought the staff was absolutely superb!!! Really enjoyed my overall experience!!!	1
It was a great experience for me and my daughter. It was very organized and everyone was just so sweet, kind and helpful.	1
I have LOVED LOVED LOVED the fact that my daughter could participate in this study. Everyone was great to my daughter (not surprised as they were great to me as well).	1
The staff was very professional and friendly and made me feel welcome and relaxed.	1
Everyone was very nice, very family oriented. I was not nervous, I was relaxed. The staff was kind, caring, sweet and sociable. I was relaxed during the two days. I was not stressed or anxious.	1
Surprising and interesting; happy to help brain mapping, and toward improved services for the mentally ill.	1
great experience.  enjoyable.  educational. great staff.  all was wonderful,  appreciate research.	1
The staff members were all extremely nice, helpful and professional. Both of the two days were organized well, and the days seemed to move along quickly. This was an enjoyable experience overall. I will recommend it to others.	1
Felt well prepared for the experience. Felt very well cared for on both days. Felt like a member of the team, so to speak, as I was made to feel all along the way that my input was valuable	1
Everyone was very nice. They made me feel like I was contributing to something that was very important.	1
I enjoyed the experience a lot. It made me really think about myself as a person in a positive way.	1
Great staff, fun session!	1
My children were made to feel important and “grown up” because they were taking part in the study.  They enjoyed the experience so far.	1
Very engaging and helpful, and went out of his way to provide extra materials that will be helpful at work.	1
Delivery and pacing for the course is excellent. The materials are great as well – easy to follow and finding numbers in the 10-K is straightforward.	1
I thought the presenters were fantastic. I thought the materials we went through were very helpful – and I learned a whole lot of very very useful tips.	1
The presenter seemed like a tremendous instructor. Very personable, eager to help and answer questions, and constantly asked how he could provide additional help. He made the session fun, as well as useful.	1
Everything was perfect – enjoyed the presenter and the content	1
The presenter was excellent, she did a great job making sure we understood the material and gave us time to practice. She also did a nice job of mixing in real-life examples and additional discussion items to make the course interactive.	1
Instructor was fantastic, knowledgeable, and always willing and capable of helping.	1
Great week of learning. Can’t wait for the next session.	1
Instructors were incredible.	1
I found this session SO helpful and thought the instructors did a great job of pace and with overall presentation.	1
I thought the course was fantastic, containing a great mix of Excel-based efficiencies, core modeling, and accounting foundations. Time well spent!	1
The training was absolutely fantastic. I’ve attended many sessions, but this one has to be the best. Great explanation, organization with the second instructor posting in the chat, and easy to understand excel. Big thanks!	1
Incredibly professional, patient and able to work with staff at all levels.	1
Great course, learned a lot, really helpful and great presenter!	1
Extremely valuable. It’s a lot of material to cover in 5 days, the last 3 days felt rushed. But still exceeded expectations, great learning experience and great content.	1
Good pace, good content, good support – really enjoyable and informative.	1
Excellent workshop. I can use this newly gained knowledge do take the right decision in the future.	1
I truly enjoyed this presentation.	1
I appreciated how the presenter went through the contents of the workshop.	1
The instructors were fantastic – very knowledgeable and willing to answer questions as they came up.	1
The presenation really was exceptional and the presenters was clear, prepared, concise, and effective in conveying information.	1
The presenter and the support staff was extremely helpful answering questions and explaining difficult concepts in simple terms	1
The presenter was unbelievable- engaging and broke it up well	1
All the staff were great. The presenter easy to understand and the class flows very well	1
The session was extremely helpful. I learned a lot and felt comfortable to ask any questions I had.	1
The workshop was great! Really kept us intrigued in the content and explained things in a way that was easy to digest.	1
The presenter's delivery was great and he made sure to take time to answer all our questions over the week. More importantly, he was able to give tangible examples and tie them to the coursework based on his own experiences	1
Delivery was excellent. The consistent practical applications of the concept made it a really effective delivery method.	1
The presenter was great at delivering the materials and gave good real-world examples of concepts. He made it a very enjoyable class and never made anyone feel bad about not knowing the correct answer which was very appreciated.	1
I thought the class was fantastic – it covered everything from the basics that was helpful to review and advanced items I had never seen before! Loved it!	1
Every tiny detail was explianed precisely and carefully	1
It is a great session especially when you get to attend such well-planned sessions.	1
I was very impressed with the instructor and his delivery. His explanations were easy to understand and the resources were wonderful.	1
Excellent content and instructions, super interactive course, so thank you!	1
Great, I learned so many new approaches to make the right choice.	1
I think that Eugene was awesome. He worked hard to keep us all engaged and keep the content entertaining. Very personable.	1
I really enjoyed the course overall. Wayne was engaging and entertaining as an instructor and showed in-depth knowledge of the subject. The three-day course flew by with ease and I learned a lot. Not a moment was I looking for class to end.	1
Wayne is a great instructor. He’s interesting, engaging, clearly knows his stuff, and answers questions well.	1
Enjoyed the class. Wayne was great and very animated. He made the class interesting the entire time.	1
Wayne was an excellent instructor: engaging, well informed, great communication/explanation. It’s clear he cares about what he does greatly!	1
I thought the overall delivery of the class was great with very relevant real life illustrations used to help bridge theory to reality.	1
Great fast track for understanding the basics of modeling	1
Zach is a wonderful and highly skilled instructor!	1
The course was excellent and I look forward to spending more time with the materials that were provided online.	1
Instructor had excellent explanations, helpful to learn history of M&A, LBO etc.	1
Van is excellent. He is engaging and incredibly well-versed in Excel. Really like the materials.	1
Excellent course, online went much better than anticipated	1
Very good class, always something to learn even for more advanced “modelers”.	1
Parul was direct and knowledgeable. She also facilitated the daily agenda well, making it a good weeklong learning experience.	1
Instructor did a great job of integrating real world examples and experience	1
AJ Tracey was the BEST instructor you could ask for. His enthusiasm for the subject matter and for teaching shines through evidently and he truly cares about making sure his students learn and ask questions. I took this course last year with AJ, and I still felt like I learnt a lot this year – that is a testament to AJ’s capabilities as an instructor!	1
I really enjoyed the course overall and would highly recommend to other people.	1
Instructors were amazing	1
Wayne did a fantastic job teaching the course. This was my first-time learning accounting in a formal setting. I feel very comfortable with basic analysis of financial statements. I also gained an understanding of the principles and regulatory/market-based nuances which contextualize accounting matters. Wayne made the class entertaining with myriad anecdotes and was very kind to answer all of my questions in detail.	1
I couldn’t give Wayne any higher praise. He is truly incredible – engaged, thorough, funny, kind, brilliant. He never lost an ounce of energy over 3 long days. Feel lucky to have had him.	1
Wayne was fantastic. A really great instructor that was able to answer all of our questions, made the material interesting and tailored it to our needs as a group. Really well done.	1
Thank you so much for an amazing course! I learned so much and you made even the more complex topics interesting and easier to follow through real-world stories and case studies.	1
The course and all the materials are both comprehensive and informative. I greatly enjoyed the course, in terms of both the instruction and resources that were provided.	1
For a week-long course, I’d say this is as good as it gets / can get. Marc is an amazing instructor and his love for teaching shines in his delivery.	1
Mathili was an extremely engaged instructor who was guided by the pace of the group and went out of her way to answer any questions, even researching follow up questions post the course – thank you to her for the great training.	1
Erin did an excellent job of explaining the material and was easy to follow.	1
The instructor was knowledgeable and engaging, and materials are diverse and cover a wide range of exercises and resources which I am glad to have access to.	1
Darren was amazing – he answered everything super patiently & he knows his stuff in & out.	1
I really enjoyed this course. KC’s teaching style and pace was perfect for me, I would highly recommend this course	1
Rahul has been incredible and really has helped me not only understand concepts and methods, but also really master the content	1
The instructor was amazing – very knowledgeable and especially enjoyed how he leveraged his industry knowledge to make the class interesting	1
Christian was a great instructor. He explained the material in a very easy and understandable way and was very outgoing and helpful with regards to any questions we had.	1
The instructor was incredible at delivering the course. He made sure we understood the content and went out of his way to make sure he understood and accurately answered our questions. He was also very engaging and nice.	1
Christian was great. Quality was higher than other courses I’ve taken and was very engaging.	1
Instructor is incredibly knowledgeable and experienced. She was able to perfectly fit all of the topics necessary to cover in the two-day time window, while also leaving ample time for questions. Well done.	1
Everything was clear and laid out in an organized manner. It was worth the cost just for the excel shortcuts alone.	1
I appreciate the KC’s teaching style. She made the class very fun and easy to follow by using relatable examples from time to time. She is also super knowledgeable and always give good answers to whatever questions arise from the class. I’d recommend KC and this class to my friends and coworkers.	1
I think Karishma did an amazing job really taking her time to explain how everything works	1
Excellent course!	1
Really enjoyed the review of macro trends/what’s going on today at the end.	1
Instructor was great. Outlined key details and explained thoroughly.	1
Erin was excellent! Very clear instructions and excellent explanations	1
Great experience and I learned more than I anticipated. Thank you Karishma!	1
Karishma was an amazing instructor – extremely patient, clear, and engaging!! Only nit – I think I would’ve liked to talk about drivers a little bit more, instead of them just being given to us.	1
I think the course overall was great. It helped me formalize and think more deeply about the work I do. Also, I was extremely impressed with Erin, specifically her ability to make complicated concepts seem very simple. She was a great instructor and it showed by how she engaged with all students (even in a virtual setting). Additionally, Erin was always willing to help students if they were falling behind. She would take additional time out of her day to explain concepts during breaks or after class ended, all while having workers come in and out of her house due to a flood. Overall great class and great instructor, i will definitely recommend this to upcoming deal professionals going forward.	1
Excellent delivery, really appreciated how KC would repeat each step’s instruction as she did them. This made it very easy to follow along especially if you missed it the first time.	1
Excellent instructor – enthusiastic, makes learning the material fun, great job of getting as much engagement as possible in fully virtual setting. Made difficult concepts very simple to understand for a non-accounting brain	1
given the many tools at the instructor’s disposal, I thought the virtual learning experience was actually quite good. there did not seem to be anything lacking	1
Karishma and Daniel H were fantastic. The course was thorough and both teachers used the Socratic method: which to me is the most stimulating. Got me farther up the curve than I thought I would be	1
Great delivery – clear concise and engaging	1
Annie was outstanding!	1
Great course, really liked the vlookup, index match, and pivot table explanations	1
Kristen was top notch! Friendly, clearly very smart, and explained topics well. It is super hard to teach over Zoom while people have their video off, but she totally made it work.	1
I enjoyed the small course aspect, which definitely aided in the virtual learning experience. It was very high touch.	1
I really liked how you would always pause and check in to see if we have any questions. This ensured that we were never going through the material too quickly. Also, it was very helpful having answer keys to all of the homework assignments.	1
Materials as well as the instructors were excellent. I learned a lot.	1
Really good content that I can put to use right away that will increase productivity as well as quality of work output.	1
Very engaging! Our instructor did a fantastic job of keeping the material interesting / relevant.	1
Ofelia was a fantastic instructor.	1
this course was extremely useful. Christian did a nice job of explaining complicated topics and the excel practice was key to understanding and applying the lessons	1
Darren was great with adding colour to the theory, and left a decent amount of time towards the end of each day to help us individually if we got stuck	1
Worked well. I did an in person version last year and it was very similar	1
Ofelia was a great teacher!	1
Great delivery. The instructor was very engaging. I thought the timing was great with several breaks throughout the days.	1
Considering the challenges virtual learning has, I think the instructor really excelled at keeping everyone engaged, without causing fatigue in being on the camera too much. Very well done.	1
Wayne was sensational. Given the virtual environment he was electric and kept the group and myself engaged the whole time while clearly and concisely teaching the content. He used personal examples from his career to help further explain the principles and are very helpful to my learning experience.	1
Materials are great, expalantions as well Both Rahul and Daniel Hofstein very supportive every step of the way	1
Both Rahul Bhatia and Daniel Hofstein were very knowledgeable and helpful.	1
In a difficult environment, this class was still effective and very informative. Instructor was excellent, well informed, engaging, patient, and even funny at times. The class struck the right balance between breadth and depth.	1
I had put off the class long enough and had no choice but to take it virtually. It ended up being really great and not as frustrated as I was afraid of.	1
great format especially in covid19 times, pleased it was flexible for those following from EU.	1
The virtual learning experience was very well set-up. It’s difficult to deliver (trust me… I did edtech coverage and edtech venture capital and can attest to how crummy the virtual learning experience is) but Utkarsh pulled it off well. The trivia questions in the chat kept it engaging. I even think that for a live format like this, being able to put question in the chat whenever to be answered when there is a logical pause in instruction makes for a more seamless learning experience.	1
The delivery of the content was engaging and I appreciate the format of showing how to model different concepts, clearly showing formulas so that nobody got stuck, and then allowing time to practice. This pedagogical method was essential to building needed muscle memory.	1
Despite the constraints of an online course, the instructor explained the material with clarity, humor, and accuracy. He went at the perfect pace for both beginners and those with previous knowledge. I especially appreciated how inclusive he was in keeping everyone on track and answering questions promptly.	1
surprisingly effective — really helped to have such an engaging instructor	1
I think it was very seamless. Way better than our college classes which were also online.	1
I liked the virtual learning experience because i) there is no need to travel to another city. ii) There is more focus being isolated without any distractions around and fully focused on the course.	1
I was a little apprehensive about spending so much on an online course, but the instructor alone made it worth the price. He covered everything in an easy-to-understand way	1
Good. Probably better than in-class training as the jump between lecture notes & interactive modelling was seamless. Of course the interaction with other members of the class was tricky but it was managed well. This would always be an issue on any virtual platform.	1
Don’t think anything was lost from the virtual learning	1
virtual learning went very well and the time was spent effectively and efficiently. I used my laptop to watch the sharescreen on zoom and my PC to perform on excel, which is the best setup/combination possible for virtual learning.	1
Wayne was absolutely amazing, one of the most engaging instructors I’ve had. He made things very easy to understand by providing real life examples, and he was able to answer any questions with ease. I hope that Wayne teaches more courses that I can take. I did not expect to be so engaged virtually and I was pleasantly surprised.	1
Mike was very patient with those who were new to the material, while detailed enough so others did not get distracted.There were no hiccups with the platform or materials.	1
Mike was amazing. Extremely impressive and efficient and a very good communicator. It’s amazing that we were able to cover the amount of material that we did in just three days.	1
excellent instructor and TA. really appreciate the cool excel tips. they really got me up to speed with being familiar with excel and financial modeling within only 2 days.	1
Scott Haahr is a total rockstar. Never let him go!	1
Rishi was a great instructor and made the content very digestible! He was funny, involved the students, and knowledgeable. The class was well-paced.	1
The material was very good. I learned a lot from the course, and Rishi, the instructor, was amazing. He really enhanced the content and made the week enjoyable.	1
This has been by far one of the best modelling courses I have ever attended. Zane’s delivery of the material was immaculate, clear and in-depth. Biggest proof is the fact that near the end of Day 2 someone tripped over my laptop cable, causing me to lose my unsaved work. I managed to redo the entire 2nd portion of the exercise without any difficulty because of the fantastic way in which Zane described each step of the model with clear explanations. 10 out of 10! Fantastic course by far.	1
Couldn’t ask for anything more. Awesome course, perfect material and fantastic instructor.	1
Marc was an exceptionally gifted teacher	1
Parul is an excellent instructor. Very happy with the quality of the class.	1
I really appreciated the way Ed wove the repetition of concepts, definitions, and exercises into the ongoing course instruction. It was helpful for me to hear these things repeated to remind me of concepts we had learned earlier in the week and ultimately solidify my understanding. The Excel formatting exercise and review of the shortcuts / navigation were invaluable.	1
Training the Street offers such a wide variety of training courses in finance. It is beneficial for everyone, regardless of what they are hoping to learn!	1
Ed is a legend. Really sharp and knowledgeable. Great at explaining complicated concepts.	1
Jung Suh did an outstanding job of relating the dated course material to more current transactions – namely, the LVMT & TIF transaction.	1
Van and Annie (the TA), were fantastic. One of my biggest concerns about the class was the pace and/or getting lost and getting left behind, but that fear was quickly put to rest for a number of reasons. Van was an incredible facilitator who brought everyone along for the journey, no matter their skill level. He made the class interesting, engaging, and enjoyable.	1
This course was incredibly helpful – parts were a refresher / solidified the bits and pieces I have learned over the years and parts explained theory I had never understood before. The format was great – interactive lecture with calculations / examples mixed in. Jung was a fabulous instructor – his humor, real-life examples and teaching style were incredibly effective for our diverse class. Thank you!	1
The instructor is willing to stay late to follow up questions. He is super kind and the contents are very helpful.	1
Jung was an outstanding instructor. Not only did he make fairly dry topics interesting for five days in a row (not an easy feat!), but he was also able to bring to class a number of real life examples that made the coursework so much more relevant. For example, he actively reworked the coursework to help showcase the possible acquisition of Tiffany’s by LVMH (which was in the news the week of our course) and it captivated the class even more (and motivated us to read up more post-class). It was because of Jung’s talent and skills as an instructor that we are considering inviting him to teach our larger organization. We highly recommend Jung!	1
Zane is a great instructor and the course was efficient in general.	1
Mark was an excellent instructor. He was able to simplify material that is difficult to understand. He packed a lot of material into only 4 weeks. The only suggestion I’d make is that this class probably needs to be extended to 5 weeks. It felt a little rushed through the M&A & LBO models, and both topics needed 2 classes each. Other than that, I thought it was a great learning experience and I’d highly recommend a colleague and/or someone else in the industry take Mark’s class.	1
Wayne was a great instructor and flowed through all three days of class seamlessly. He did a great job of getting us involved while also lecturing. He truly made 3 days of 9-5 accounting training engaging and interesting.	1
Great course, excellent materials and outstanding delivery from Ross. Will suggest the course to other team members at the firm.	1
Absolutely great! I loved the exercises and examples. Also, appreciated the encouragement to experiment with the shortcuts.	1
Excellent delivery and knowledge from Wayne. The fact that he is able to explain the topics in such a clear manner not only demonstrates his deep understanding of the topic but his teaching abilities. Great course!	1
Rishi was an excellent professor. Great pace and mix of content / real life examples.	1
Karishma was an *awesome* instructor — she went through the material at an appropriate pace, had very detailed and clear explanations, and was eager to answer any questions/offer assistance throughout the week. Because of her, I would definitely recommend colleagues to take this course. I found it most helpful when she asked the class questions about the materials and had us discuss in small groups so that she wasn’t just giving answers/lecturing the whole time.	1
Instructor was awesome and the content was well structured to also cover concepts and the reasons WHY.	1
the instructor was perfect. Spot on- so well paced and informative. I learned so much 	1
Instructor delivery was really excellent – sense of humor and current event references kept the material interesting and the room engaged.	1
Mr. Ascoli was phenomenal, he was very approachable and made everything interesting and understandable with real-world scenarios.	1
Instructor was great – very flexible and adapted to everyone’s different level. The course was also entertaining (which was not expected) and those moments of comic relief were much appreciated.	1
Matt is a great instructor. The content delivery was excellent. Being the third time I have taken a course with Training the Street it was a very pleasing experience.	1
Mike was an awesome teacher- made the long day fly by and really helped us understand the content.	1
Jeff was fantastic. Added a ton of value and made it all enjoyable and understandable.	1
Course materials were comprehensive and very easy to follow. Instructor was extremely knowledgeable, clear in delivery & helpful!	1
Great delivery of content and involvement/engagement with the class as a whole.	1
Could not have a better instructor. He explained things very well, was extremely engaging and had great jokes.	1
Mike was an excellent teacher. I felt so much better about concepts I had already covered in school. Additionally, his methodical and well explained approach was incredible.	1
I thought everything about this course was great. I came in with very limited knowledge and followed everything fairly easily. The teaching was fantastic.	1
The printed materials were great and Josh was a amazing teacher.	1
I thought the course as a whole was very good. The examples, the printed materials, and instruction were all excellent. Both of the instructors I had were excellent. The course did a good job of covering a lot of material in the time allotted.	1
Excellent course – I gained a lot of value. Instruction was fluid, precise and integrated real world examples. Excellent delivery and great use of time.	1
I love Zane! He is so good with his delivery, patient and kind.	1
My instructor Utkarsh was excellent. Knowledgeable, inclusive, patient, friendly, and very funny throughout the class helping to keep everyone engaged. Would absolutely take another course taught by him.	1
Josh was outstanding as an instructor. Command of the material as excellent, clear and concise in his delivery – clearly emphasized key points for us to take away. Applied relevant anecdotes to emphasize / amplify various topics. Really added to the overall experience.	1
The instructor was amazing. Really grateful for Edward Ascoli. Passionate and energetic.	1
Jeff made the content both easy to absorb and relatable. As opposed to simply reading from the course pack, he consistently coupled the material with real-world examples and applications. Overall, he just brought enthusiasm and a good attitude, his consistency in that regard was huge.	1
Good quality handbook with reusable materials (e.g. macro, short-cut key sheets). Good instructions on what makes an analyst top bucket and pointers that associates / VP would not necessarily offer naturally.	1
I was initially unsure how quick the pace of the session would be, as we only had 2 days. However, the presenter did an excellent job teaching while keeping a moderate pace. I was extremely impressed with the complementary materials and ability to make an immediate impact. Thank you!	1
Very impressed by the course, recommending to my friends & colleagues.	1
I thought the delivery and materials were great. It was the perfect length and great level of content.	1